oh it is Olivia's oculus gamer here and
I'm making a video about Crash Bandicoot
reboot that has been confirmed by
website Cole k-drama stirs calm now
remember they confirmed it I didn't
confirm it so don't go around saying
that ocg confirm new crash game no i
didn't i'm just going to say what's the
website told so don't like you don't
like say that this is automatically true
or false because we don't know yet so
according to k-drama stirs calm they say
gaming fans rejoice Naughty Dog is
planning to reintroduce a classic
PlayStation 1 game as Crash Bandicoot
makes his way to the next generation
console ps4 according to reports from
monitoring crunch Naughty Dog is
planning on creating several games for
the ps4 these games include a crash
bandicoot reboot the last of us to
uncharted 4 and new jak and daxter game
so then they go into more details about
I'm just going to leave the article in
the description i'm not going to read
the whole article in the video right now
so only this important part of the
beginning guy rats so according from
news from monitoring crunch a naughty
dog is planning these games now there is
something this isn't the first website
that is confirming it that's according
to some sources crash bandicoot game is
in the works a little bit after the
trailer for the ps4 was was released we
did the hair crash sign Eskimo Press
said that their sources as well can
confirm that crash bandicoot is
definitely coming for the PlayStation 4
and it is possible for in the 2013 to be
a little teaser for the game but most
likely not enter the 2014 is more likely
to be the answer now let's see we we
waited for the e3
and we were disappointed so is the game
scam gonna be something better like I
don't know honestly all these reporters
like I'm not even surprised if they're
lying anymore because we all know gaming
former is lying so others probably are
as well Eskimo press never provided any
proof this website didn't provide an
improved they just said that according
to some reports they didn't so they
didn't show the screenshot of those
reports they didn't show anything so I
don't fully I mean I want to believe
that this is true i really want but at
the same time I don't want to be
disappointed again because I was waiting
for the e3 and I was hyped and when the
III was over and no new crash game I was
really disappointed so I'm not going to
jump straight on a hyper train right now
and say that this is confirmed because
we will don't really know and the next
thing they say naughty dog I mean
naughty dog uh Andy Gavin did say that
crash needs a reboot and it he needs to
be that there is a time for there is a
chance for the time to get reset and
everything from the beginning the origin
story that's what the Creator said but
and they gave in left Naughty Dog we all
know that and most of the original team
did so for naughty dog to make a
successful crash game they will need to
get the original team back because
that's the only way the game is going to
be good because if they don't do to the
original team it's going to be made by
people who don't understand who crash
was and it's not going to be in the
product that we were expecting next they
also mentioned the last of us to in this
article well naughty dog actually
confirmed that they have no plans to
make the game that's right Naughty Dog
themselves not like any news report by
some source but naughty dog themselves
they confirm that the last of us to is
not planned and that it's in the day
planning to stay the single game with no
sequel a new jak and daxter game we all
know those concept arts for the game how
they
a how they looked like and how how
people reacted negatively when they saw
it so if they're not capable of making a
jak and daxter game if they were not
capable back then why would they be
right now again the only explanation why
how naughty dog could make new crash and
jak and daxter game is if they gather
the original team because if they if
some other team is making the games are
not going to be good and trust me
they're not going to be worth your time
they need to bring back the original
team and that's the only way the games
are going to be good because honestly
the team to try the jak and daxter
reboot it just failed and jak and daxter
does not need a reboot because unlike
Crash Bandicoot jak and daxter actually
has there is there is there actually
possibilities to expand the story and
continue where it was left off while for
crash I mean he suffered many changes
and stuff he needs reboot let's be
honest I'm against video game reboots in
most of the cases but crash desperately
needs a reboot that is going to be that
the that needs to be stick to the
classic design and classic formula but
just retelling of the original story
same with spiral but we're most likely
not going to see you spiral because
activision does not want to give the
license because of the Skyliners even
though they can still make games without
spiral scanners universe that's just not
how they're doing it so yeah we we're
not gonna send you spiral sadly anytime
soon unless by some miracle Skylanders
sales drop and the activision gives
spiral the same treatment like crash I
mean abandoning him in a bank and not
using him but as long as scan and her
cell they're gonna use spiral they're
gonna advertise this and even a trap
team they're most likely going to make
spiral compatible like the toys but he's
not gonna have any relevance in the
story you get a point so as for this
crash bandicoot reboots so remember this
isn't something i'm confirming this is
something other website confirmed just
like Eskimo
press did and how gaming former confirm
but both websites lied in the past so
will this be lie or not only time will
tell and we're gonna seat Jonathan a